# Theatre
This is my fourth project, which was assigned as homework in university. The console application is stored in ConsoleApplication, the class library in Library.
## Main Assignment
The program being developed as part of the controlled homework assignment is designed to work with csv file data and must be implemented using an object-oriented paradigm. 
**Adherence to the principles of sole responsibility, Liskov substitution principle and dependency inversion is mandatory**.
Place the class library project and the console application project in the same solution.
## Requirements for the console application
#### 1. The console application must use the data types specified by the individual option (Table 2) and allow (in the console menu):
	a. Open a *.csv file with the raw data. The file structure is defined by the individual variant file (table 1). In case of file opening errors or incorrect data, the program should display a message to the user. Get file paths from the user.
	b. Provide N first (top) or last (bottom) records from the file for viewing (N > 1 is selected by the user and does not exceed the number of records in the csv file). The selection of first or last records is organized using an enumeration.
 	c. Perform sorting or filtering by fields specified in the individual variant (Table 3). The values of the fields for filtering are entered by the user from the keyboard.
	d. Save the results of sorting and filtering to a csv file. Saving is obligatory after sorting / filtering is performed. In case of file opening / saving errors or incorrect data, the program should display a message. The structure of the file for saving data is the same as the structure of the file specified by the individual variant.
	e. File saving modes. A mode allows different ways to save data to a file. The choice of the mode is left to the user, it will be necessary to organize a dialog with the user. File paths to be obtained from the user.
		i. creating a new file.
		ii. replacing the contents of an existing file.
		iii. adding the data to be saved to the contents of an existing file.
#### 2. Provide correctness checking for each data input, exception handling, including exceptions generated by library classes, organization of solution repetition.
#### 3. It is allowed to use abstract data types, such as List, ArrayList, Set, Stack, their generalized implementations, etc., but not as a substitute for data structures defined by the variant.
#### 4. All application data is read from csv files, the result of the work is displayed on the screen and saved in a csv file. The program must be able to read the files created when saving data.
#### 5. The program must be able to read all files created by itself without errors.
## Requirements for the class library
#### 1. The data types specified in the assignment are mandatory.
#### 2. Class implementations must not violate data encapsulation and the Single Responsibility Principle.
#### 3. Hierarchies shall not violate the Liskov Substitution Principle and shall be designed to comply with the Dependency Inversion Principle.
	a. Architectural Principles (https://learn.microsoft.com/ruru/dotnet/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/architectural-principles) 
#### 4. Class implementations must contain regulated access to data.
#### 5. Library classes must be accessible outside the assembly.
#### 6. Each non-static class must necessarily contain, among others, a parameterless constructor or equivalent descriptions that allow its direct invocation or implicit invocation.
#### 7. It is forbidden to modify the data set (delete / append) stored in the classes or not use the open behavior options specified in the assignment.
#### 8. It is allowed to extend open behaviors or add closed functional members of a class.
#### 9. It is allowed to use your own (self-described) class hierarchies in addition to the ones proposed in the individual variant, but the requirements on OOP principles to them are preserved.
#### 10. It is allowed to use abstract data types, such as List, ArrayList, Set, Stack, their generalized implementations, etc., but not as a substitute for data structures defined in the variant.
## Mandatory type 1
The basic information about the Theaters of Moscow is stored in the objects of the class “Theater”. The set of class fields is specified by the fields of csv file, except for the fields containing address and phone number. Address is represented by a field of mandatory type “Contacts”. The “Theater” class is in a composition relation with the “Contacts” class.
## Mandatory type 2
The “Contacts” class represents the address (index, city, street, house number) and phone number. The type provides a separate field for all the specified elements.
